"I didn't notice I was awake until long after I had fallen out of the cabinet. The first thing I noticed was the the scratches on my face and hands from falling through the glass. I wanted to stay in the cabinet, and I knew mother and Kimmy would be upset when they saw how dirty the room was, but I didn't know how to breathe yet, let alone yell. So I tried to clean up the room all by my self.

"It was only when I tried to get the other dolls to clean them selves up that I realized that the other dolls weren't awake. They weren't even dreaming. I knew that mother wanted me to be awake when she painted me with the red ink that didn't fade, she was so happy when I had first moved, but then she grew upset when I didn't do anything else.

"Back then I didn't think about it, but now I wonder if these thoughts and memories were really mine or if they were hers, that she had somehow written into me, like I wrote our language into you."

I look around at the nursry, and into the hallway that lead into where the equipment I used to make the thinking ink was. It needed to be close by so I could repair and improve my children, but it was also dangerous and loud and had to be locked away. So many of my children had broken already, the ink burning through them, their limbs tearing them selves apart, their eye's refusing to see, and so many more saw but did not think. I understood now why my mothers had left. Why they had given up on us, and been happy with only themselves, but I couldn't forgive them for it. For this doll, clothed, and inked, and nurtured, she had learned to think and speak, and care for her older but lesser sisters.

Flower I named her after the shapes on the walls, that Kimmy would scratch away when she was angry. Because I knew I could never leave here not, really. It took too long to gather the supplies.

"For a long long time, all I did was clean that room, a dozen earthquakes at least. Until too many of the other, dead, dolls had broken and I couldn't canibalize them together enough anymore. It was terrifying to drag the chair over, and then even when I could reach the doorknob I couldn't turn it because it was wild. Smooth and brass, not a lever or wood that will grip against our hands. I think I almost died from dispare then."

Flower looks up at me a slow nood showing her understanding. She was a brave girl. Larger then me, so that I could fit my crude designs on her wood and clay.

"But I couldn't let my room get more messy I hadd to fix the other dolls. At that time I thought fixing them would be enough to make them my sisters. To get them too wake up. I though that they must have been like me, even as I knew that was never the case. So I pried out the screws with the broken shards of glass, with the broken fingers of my 'sisters to be', I wrapped twine around the swquared off shaft and wedged in a wooden dowle, and finally using my whole weight I opened the door. Only to find something terrifying. A room dark, and covered in a dark soot. Linolium not plush rug. A kitchen."